### Basic Microservices Questions and Answers

#### 1) Explain microservices architecture

Microservice Architecture is an architectural development style which builds an application as a collection of small
autonomous services developed for a business domain.

#### 2) Name three commonly used tools for Microservices

1.) Wiremock,

2.) Docker and

3.) Hysrix are important Microservices tool.

#### 3) What is Monolithic Architecture? Monolithic architecture is like a big container in which all the software components of an application are clubbed inside a single package.

#### 4) What are the advantages of microservices?

Here, are some significant advantages of using Microservices:

Technology diversity, e., Microservices can mix easily with other frameworks, libraries, and databases

Fault isolation, e., a process failure should not bring the whole system down.

Greater support for smaller and parallel team

Independent deployment

Deployment time reduce

#### 5) What is Spring Cloud?

Spring cloud is an Integration software that integrates with external systems. It allows microservices framework to
build applications which perform restricted amounts of data processing.

Microservice Interview Question And Answers

#### 6) Discuss uses of reports and dashboards in the environment of Microservices

Reports and dashboards help in monitoring and upkeep of Microservices. Tons of Application Monitoring Tools assist in
this.

#### 7) What are main differences between Microservices and Monolithic Architecture?

Microservices Service Startup is fast

Monolithic Architecture Service startup takes time

Microservices are loosely coupled architecture.

Monolithic architecture is mostly tightly coupled.

Microservices focuses on products, not projects

Monolithic put emphasize over the whole project

#### 8) What are the challenges faced while using Microservices?

Microservices always rely on each other. Therefore, they need to communicate with each other. As it is distributed
system, it is a heavily involved model.

If you are using Microservice architecture, you need to ready for operations overhead. You need skilled professionals to
support heterogeneously distributed microservices.

#### 9) In which cases microservice architecture best suited?

Microservice architecture is best suited for desktop, web, mobile devices, Smart TVs, Wearable, etc.

#### 10) Tell me the name of some famous companies which are using Microservice architecture

Most large-scale websites like Twitter, Netflix, Amazon, have advanced from a monolithic architecture to a microservices
architecture.

#### 11) What are the characteristics of Microservices?

Essential messaging frameworks

Decentralized Governance

Easy Infrastructure automation

Design for failure

Infrastructure automation

#### 12) What is RESTful?

Representational State Transfer (REST)/RESTful web services is an architectural style that helps computer systems to
communicate over the internet. These web services make microservices easier to understand and implement.

#### 13) Explain three types of Tests for Microservices? In Microservice architecture tests are divided into three broad categories:

At the bottom level test, we can perform a general test like performance and unit tests. These kinds of tests are
entirely automated.

At the middle level, we can perform exploratory tests like the stress tests and usability tests.

At the top level, we can conduct acceptance tests which are mostly fewer in numbers. It also helps stakeholders to know
about different software features.

#### 14) What are Client certificates?

Client certificates is a digital certificate used to make authenticated requests to a remote server. It is termed as a
client certificate.

#### 15) Explain the use of PACT in Microservices architecture?

It is an open source tool which allows testing interactions between service providers and consumers. However, it is
separated from the contract made. This increases the reliability of the Microservices applications.

#### 16) What is the meaning of OAuth?

OAuth means open authorization protocol. This protocol allows you to access the client applications on HTTP for
third-party providers GitHub, Facebook, etc. It helps you to share resources stored on one site with another site
without the need for their credentials.

#### 17) What is End to End Microservices Testing?

End-to-end testing validates every process in the workflow is functioning correctly. It also ensures that the system
works together as a whole and satisfies all requirements.

#### 18) Why are Container used in Microservices?

Containers are easiest and effective method to manage the microservice based application. It also helps you to develop
and deploy individually. Docker also allows you to encapsulate your microservice in a container image along with its
dependencies. Microservice can use these elements without additional efforts.

#### 19) What is the meaning of Semantic monitoring in Microservices architecture?

Semantic monitoring combines automated tests with monitoring of the application. It allows you to find out reasons why
your business is not getting more profits.

#### 20) What is a CDC?

CDC is Consumer-Driven Contract. It is a pattern for developing Microservices so that external systems can use them.

#### 21) What is the use of Docker?

Docker offers a container environment which can be used to host any application. This software application and the
dependencies that support it which are tightly-packaged together.

#### 22) What are Reactive Extensions in Microservices?

Reactive Extensions is also called Rx. It is a design pattern which allows collecting results by calling multiple
services and then compile a combined response. Rx is a popular tool in distributed systems which works exactly opposite
to legacy flows.

#### 23) Explain the term 'Continuous Monitoring.'

Continuous monitoring is a method which is used for searching compliance and risk issues associated with a companyâ€™s
operational and financial environment. It contains human, processes, and working systems which support efficient and
actual operations.

#### 24) How independent micro-services communicate with each other?

It depends upon your project needs. However, in most cases, developers use HTTP/REST with JSON or Binary protocol.
However, they can use any communication protocol.

